fix(liveness): upgrade @aws-sdk/client-rekognitionstreaming to version patched with fast-xml-parser version 4.2.4 (#4053)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: .changeset/bright-dragons-smash.md

---
"@aws-amplify/ui-react-liveness": patch
---

> fix(liveness): upgrade aws sdk client-rekognitionstreaming to fix dep…

Reviewer: Can you update this to include the patch info?
```suggestion
fix(liveness): upgrade `@aws-sdk/client-rekognitionstreaming` to version patched with `fast-xml-parser` version `4.2.4`
```
